The Purpose of this Project is to create a program that is able to generate a random sentence from a Context Free Grammar.

Steps to run the program:
1. Assuming the program has already been compiled, enter java cfg into the terminal .
2. When prompted, enter the name of the file that contains the grammar.
3. Enjoy the random sentence generated by the program.

File format:
For example valid file formats see test 1-3 in the project folder. 

However to explain how to create a valid testfile I will gie the example from test2.txt as it is more standard to a normal CFG then 
test1 and simpler then test3 

Test2.txt: 


S->{A}{BV}{A}{V} 

A-> {I, he, the Pope} 

N->{policeman, firefighter, paramedic, guy, person} 

BV-> {is, was} 

V->{nice, kind, hateful, mean}

How this would work is the program would read first S and because of the "->" will realize it in and NTS and save it as such. Next it will read {A}{BV}{A}{V} because of the curly braces it will read each element indivigually and as an and statement in a typical CFG it would look something like :
S->A
A->BV
BV->A
V->#

then on the next line it will again see the A-> and set A as the key for the values {I, he, the Pope}. 
Because all elements are in a single curly brace it will be seen an an or statement so one element will be picket at random

This process will be repeated for every NTS value that was called in the first line. 

So one possible result will be he  was I helpful. This sentance is not germaticly sound, but you get the idea. 

https://docs.google.com/viewer?url=https://drive.google.com/file/d/1wwUQl0pc55n4bJgyiuGk7h2iIOGGMZPI/view?usp=sharing
